src/doc/docs/tests/authorization.md, before:

# System tests
!!! success "_l.S.0_ When a token is not sent together with the request, a 401 should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.1_ When a token is provided, but no permissions have been granted, no installations should be returned even when there is a detected installation"
!!! success "_l.S.2_ When the token subsequently is granted the permission to view unassigned installations, but the installation is not unassigned, no installation should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.3_ When the detected installation is subsequently made unassigned, the installation should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.4_ When the installation subsequently is assigned to a profile, the installation should no longer be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.5_ When the token subsequently gets granted the permission to view installations in the profile, the installation should be returned"
!!! failure "_l.S.6_ When a user does not have the CREATE_PROFILE permission, creating a profile should fail"
!!! failure "_l.S.7_ When a user does not have the REMOVE_PROFILE permission, removing a profile should fail"
!!! failure "_l.S.8_ When a user does not have ADD_INSTALLATION permission for a given profile, adding an installation to that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.S.9_ When a user does not have REMOVE_INSTALLATION permission for a given profile, removing an installation for that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.S.10_ When a user does not have VIEW_INSTALLATIONS permission, retrieving installations for that profile fail"
> TODO add system tests for when the user DOES have the correct permissions

# Profiles
!!! failure "_l.0.0_ When a user creates a profile, that user has all administrator permissions within that profile"
!!! failure "_l.0.1_ When a user does not have ADD_USER permission for a given profile, adding new users to that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.0.2_ When a user adds another user to a given profile, granting specific permissions, that new user has exactly those permissions"
!!! failure "_l.0.3_ When a user does not have REMOVE_USER permission for a given profile, removing users from that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.0.4_ When a user removes another user from a profile, the removed user loses all permissions for that profile"
!!! failure "_1.0.5_ Users can not remove themselves from a profile
!!! failure "_1.0.6_ When a user does not have ADD_USER permission for a given profile, adding permissions for an existing user within that profile fails"
!!! failure "_1.0.7_ When a user does not have REMOVE_USER permission for a given profile, removing permissions for an existing user within that profile fails"
>USER_UPDATE might be needed as a separate permission

# Dashboard

```
extend type Query {
	profiles(): [Profile!]!
	profile(id: ID!): Profile
}

extend type Mutation {
	# Create a new profile
	newProfile(name: String!, description: String, installations: [ID!]): Profile!
	# Remove profile using its ID
	removeProfile(id: ID!): Profile!
	# Assign installations to a certain profile
	assignInstallations(profileId: ID!, installationIds: [ID!]!): Profile!
	# Unassign installations from a certain profile
	unassignInstallations(profileId: ID!, installationId: [ID!]!): Profile!
}

extend type Installation {
	# List of profiles the installation is assigned to
	assigned: [Profile!]!
}

# Profile.
type Profile {
	id: ID!
	name: String!
	description: String
	installations: [Installation!]!
	permissions: [ProfilePermission!]!
}

# Profile permissions which can be granted
enum ProfilePermission {
	VIEW_INSTALLATIONS
}
```

!!! success "_l.1.0_ Creating n profiles should display the correct information of all profiles"
!!! failure "_l.1.1_ Adding n installations to the profile should display n additional installations"
!!! failure "_l.1.2_ Adding n installations and afterwards removing all should display no installations anymore"
!!! failure "_l.1.3_ Removing a profile should not display any information regarding that profile anymore"
!!! failure "_l.1.4_ Assigning the same installation twice should only assign it once"

Commit message:

DYAMAND-2102 #comment Update test status and GraphQL description #time 10m

src/doc/docs/tests/authorization.md, after:

# System tests
!!! success "_l.S.0_ When a token is not sent together with the request, a 401 should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.1_ When a token is provided, but no permissions have been granted, no installations should be returned even when there is a detected installation"
!!! success "_l.S.2_ When the token subsequently is granted the permission to view unassigned installations, but the installation is not unassigned, no installation should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.3_ When the detected installation is subsequently made unassigned, the installation should be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.4_ When the installation subsequently is assigned to a profile, the installation should no longer be returned"
!!! success "_l.S.5_ When the token subsequently gets granted the permission to view installations in the profile, the installation should be returned"
!!! failure "_l.S.6_ When a user does not have the CREATE_PROFILE permission, creating a profile should fail"
!!! failure "_l.S.7_ When a user does not have the REMOVE_PROFILE permission, removing a profile should fail"
!!! failure "_l.S.8_ When a user does not have ADD_INSTALLATION permission for a given profile, adding an installation to that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.S.9_ When a user does not have REMOVE_INSTALLATION permission for a given profile, removing an installation for that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.S.10_ When a user does not have VIEW_INSTALLATIONS permission, retrieving installations for that profile fail"
> TODO add system tests for when the user DOES have the correct permissions

# Profiles
!!! failure "_l.0.0_ When a user creates a profile, that user has all administrator permissions within that profile"
!!! failure "_l.0.1_ When a user does not have ADD_USER permission for a given profile, adding new users to that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.0.2_ When a user adds another user to a given profile, granting specific permissions, that new user has exactly those permissions"
!!! failure "_l.0.3_ When a user does not have REMOVE_USER permission for a given profile, removing users from that profile fails"
!!! failure "_l.0.4_ When a user removes another user from a profile, the removed user loses all permissions for that profile"
!!! failure "_1.0.5_ Users can not remove themselves from a profile
!!! failure "_1.0.6_ When a user does not have ADD_USER permission for a given profile, adding permissions for an existing user within that profile fails"
!!! failure "_1.0.7_ When a user does not have REMOVE_USER permission for a given profile, removing permissions for an existing user within that profile fails"
>USER_UPDATE might be needed as a separate permission

# Dashboard

```
extend type Query {
	# Query to return list of all profiles
	profiles(): [Profile!]!
	# Query to return a specific profile based on its ID
	profile(id: ID!): Profile
}

extend type Mutation {
	# Create a new profile
	newProfile(name: String!, description: String, installations: [ID!]): Profile!
	# Remove profile using its ID
	removeProfile(id: ID!): Profile!
	# Assign installations to a certain profile
	assignInstallations(profileId: ID!, installationIds: [ID!]!): Profile!
	# Unassign installations from a certain profile
	unassignInstallations(profileId: ID!, installationId: [ID!]!): Profile!
}

extend type Installation {
	# List of profiles the installation is assigned to
	assigned: [Profile!]!
}

# Profiles where permissions to users belonging to that specific profile can be set. Profiles can be created with a name and optionally with a description as well as assigned installations.
type Profile {
	# ID of the profile
	id: ID!
	# Name of the profile
	name: String!
	# Optional description of the profile
	description: String
	# Assigned installations to the profile
	installations: [Installation!]!
	# Permissions granted to the profile
	permissions: [ProfilePermission!]!
}

# Profile permissions which can be granted
enum ProfilePermission {
	VIEW_INSTALLATIONS
}
```

!!! success "_l.1.0_ Creating n profiles should display the correct information of all profiles"
!!! failure "_l.1.1_ Adding n installations to the profile should display n additional installations"
!!! failure "_l.1.2_ Adding n installations and afterwards removing all should display no installations anymore"
!!! failure "_l.1.3_ Removing a profile should not display any information regarding that profile anymore"
!!! failure "_l.1.4_ Assigning the same installation twice should only assign it once"
