src/doc/docs/developer/translation.md, before:

## Translating state changes into state changes

!!! success "_4.0.0_ If a translator is registered for a particular state and a state change for that state is created, the translator should be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.1_ If a translator is registered for a state and state change for another state is created, the translator should NOT be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.2_ If a state change is created and afterwards a translator is registered for that state, the translator should be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.3_ If a state change is created and afterwards a translator is registered for another state, the translator should NOT be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.4_ If a translator translates a state change into a new state change, that state should be added to the service and the value change should be present in the existing state changed event if the translator was registered before the state change happened"
!!! success "_4.0.5_ If a translator translates a state change into a new state change, that state should be added to the service and the value change should be present in a new state changed event if the translator was registered after the state change happened"

TODO what if translator gets unregistered

TODO test multiple translated states per translator + multiple translators with each 1 state

TODO keep on intercepting until translating that already was in the chain

## Translating state changes into new services

!!! failure "_4.1.0_ If a translator translates a state change into a new service, that service should be part of the same device as the original service, the original service should be set into the translated service and the translated service should be added to the original service, also a service online event should have been sent"
!!! failure "_4.1.1_ If a translator translates a state change into a new service and the original service goes offline, the translated service should also go offline (not being retrievable and service offline event)"

TODO what if translator gets unregistered

Commit message:

DYAMAND-2178 #comment added tests for state changes in the past #time 15m

src/doc/docs/developer/translation.md, after:

## Translating state changes into state changes

!!! success "_4.0.0_ If a translator is registered for a particular state and a state change for that state is created, the translator should be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.1_ If a translator is registered for a state and state change for another state is created, the translator should NOT be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.2_ If a state change is created and afterwards a translator is registered for that state, the translator should be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.3_ If a state change is created and afterwards a translator is registered for another state, the translator should NOT be invoked"
!!! success "_4.0.4_ If a translator translates a state change into a new state change, that state should be added to the service and the value change should be present in the existing state changed event if the translator was registered before the state change happened"
!!! success "_4.0.5_ If a translator translates a state change into a new state change, that state should be added to the service and the value change should be present in a new state changed event if the translator was registered after the state change happened"
!!! failure "_4.0.6_ If a translator translates a state change into a new state change, the timestamp of the state change should not have been changed"

TODO what if translator gets unregistered

TODO test multiple translated states per translator + multiple translators with each 1 state

TODO keep on intercepting until translating that already was in the chain

## Translating state changes into new services

!!! failure "_4.1.0_ If a translator translates a state change into a new service, that service should be part of the same device as the original service, the original service should be set into the translated service and the translated service should be added to the original service, also a service online event should have been sent"
!!! failure "_4.1.1_ If a translator translates a state change into a new service and the original service goes offline, the translated service should also go offline (not being retrievable and service offline event)"

TODO what if translator gets unregistered
